!!!!! 001.txt !!!!!
[Blank Page]
!!!!! 002.txt !!!!!
"MRS. ROSS ... STOOD TELESCOPE IN HAND."--Page 41,
!!!!! 003.txt !!!!!
FLORRIE ROSS:

OR,

The Voice of tho Snowdrops.

BY

MARY ONLEY.

London;
SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION.
56, OLD BAILEY.

1878.
!!!!! 004.txt !!!!!
[Blank Page]
!!!!! 005.txt !!!!!

CHAP.                         PAGE

I. What the Snowdrops seemed to he  ...  9

II. Rescued   ...   ...   ...   ...  18

III.  "THE PURE IN HEART "   ...   ...  28

IV.  The Old Man learns to read ...   ...  35

V. Misther Barney McCrankum ...   ...  42

VI. Barney reflects   ...   ...   ...  51

VII. The effect of beating    ...   ...  62

VIII. "I'll just go first and wait for him " 71
!!!!! 006.txt !!!!!

IX. The Arrival ...   ...   ...   ...  76

X. Barney's Contract  ...   ...   ...  89

XI." The entrance of Thy Word giveth
Light "...   ...   ...   ...  96

XII. Meeting at tile Grave   ...   ... 102

X1II. The Old Man rests  ...   ...   ... 116

XIV. Home again  ...   ...   ...   ... 127
!!!!! 007.txt !!!!!
ILLUSTRATIONS,

PAGE
Mrs. Ross ... stood telescope in hand.
Frontispiece.

Murphy Walked into the Pond ... and
waded out with bar ...   ...   ...  23

A Sudden leap ... and both Horses were.
INSTANTLY FLYING ALONG    ...    ...   67

A Rosy Maiden ... was seen approaching  105

The Servants were summoned is usual for
Evening Prayer    ...   ...   ...  135
!!!!! 008.txt !!!!!
[Blank Page]
!!!!! 009.txt !!!!!
FLORRIE ROSS,

CHAPTER I.

WHAT THE SNOWDROPS SEEMED TO BE,

"YOU must not touch them,
Watch! Have I not told.
you before that the poor.
rabbits are not to he tormented?"

The speaker was a little,
maiden, with a quantity of light silken hair ;and
is the sweet-toned voice raised this command to
the large dog at her feet her face assumed a
sedate and reproving expression rather at
variance with bar extreme youth.
!!!!! 010.txt !!!!!

The dog, too, was very young, not full grown.
evidently therefore more difficult to govern, but
be seemed to understand his little mistress upon
this occasion; for be stretched himself upon
tie grass at once. A lady was seated near,
reading. The place in which this happened was
an enclosed meadow, all green and fresh, with,
lovely blue-bells on tho banks around.

Among the blue-bells might he seen now and
then a few timid rabbits, showing their soft,
brown heads and lustrous eyes.

Unaware of tho dog's presence in the field,
two or three had peeped a few minutes before,
and Watch seeing them, had scampered to the
mouth of their nest and attempted to scratch the
surrounding earth away, frightening the poor.
little creatures into tile farthest corner of their
place of refuge thereby gaining the reproof
already mentioned.

"We must go home, Sunshine, "said the
lady,

"Must we, mamma?"
!!!!! 011.txt !!!!!

"Yes, dear; 1 have business to attend to
there."

Sunshine was disappointed. She wanted very.
much to remain longer ;and no wonder, for it
was not much past four o'clock in the day and
one of the brightest summer days that could he
imagined. The air was soft and warm, tho
grass dry enough to sit upon, the wild flowers.
plentiful and sweet, tho birds in full song, her
favourite dog at bar side ready for any romp,
and an attractive picture book in her pocket.
But Sunshine neither cried nor pouted, although.
die was disappointed. She did not even say
"Oh, I am so sorry." No; she put her tiny.
hand in that of her mamma, arid with the words,
"Come, Watch, "they walked together across
the meadow, pressing down the carpet of grass
and daisies with their feet as they went;
climbed a fence, walked through two other
meadows, passed through an iron gate, arid
entered their own kitchen garden.

The little girl's name was Florence Ross, bat
!!!!! 012.txt !!!!!
her parents had given her the pet name," Sunshine,"
because she was so loving and good
tempered, and helped to make happiness at
home,

At length they reached the house. 1t was
large arid pleasant, with windows to the ground,
opening upon the lawn. Mrs, Ross and Florrie
entered at one of these, arid the child went to
bar bed-room, to remove her walking dress.
Such a pretty room it was---a bright, clean
paper was upon the walls, very white curtains
arid counterpane graced the little bed, muslin
curtains were inside tie window, and outside,
dark, glossy ivy leaves, just peeping round tie
frames, as though they would say," Good
morning, SunshineI" when the blue eyes opened--or
"Good night "when the moon's rays
showed them to tie little one, after she was
tucked up in bed. Over tho mantlepiece was
an illuminated card, bearing the words," He
shall gather the lambs with His arm, arid carry
them in His bosom." This was the work of
!!!!! 013.txt !!!!!
Mrs, Ross, and as she hung it there, she prayed
earnestly that her Florrie might follow tho
loving Shepherd, who cares thus tenderly for
His lambs, arid that she might never wander
from His safe arid happy fold.

As we become better acquainted with Florrie's
daily life, we shall he able to judge if these
prayers were answered, for" even a child is
known by his doings."

Those lovely summer days gave place to
autumn's richly tinted clouds, and wealth of
fruit. Then tile earth was arrayed in her
dazzling dress of snow and next the tiny shoots
appeared, and tie snowdrops began to peep up
from tile ground. A little higher, and a little
higher still, and at last tho delicate blossom
formed itself into tie graceful bell-shaped
flower.

One day at this season, Mrs, Ross and
Florrie visited Covent Garden market, and
returned by tram, for their home was several
miles from London. Florrie had admired a
!!!!! 014.txt !!!!!
little pot of snowdrops there very much, they
were unusually fine, and Mrs, Ross had bought
them for tier.

As they sat together in tie railway carriage,
Florrie watched them closely, for die feared
their pretty heads would break and fail off,
from the motion of the train ;however, they did
not, and tile little girl carried them to her
home in safety,

"Where shall I put them, mamma?" asked,
she, as she trotted along the road at bar
mamma's side.

"In your own little garden, my dear. Ask
Murphy to plant them for you."

Before Florrie entered tier home, she ran to
the gardener, exclaiming," Look, Murphy, are
not these pretty? Will you please dig a place.
for them?"

"Yes, yes, Miss Florence, deary; to he sure
Murphy will put them in for you."

"Are they not beautifully white, Murphy?"

"Oh lovely, Missie; they are, indeedI"
!!!!! 015.txt !!!!!

"I think they must he very good flowers,
dont you?"

"Good good?" repeated the old man,
enquiringly.

"Yes, good,---not naughty, you know.
Mamma tells me about people being pure, and die
says only those who arc made pure can go to
heaven to live with God, His dear Son Jesus,
and the holy angels."

"Ah, Missie, I should like to he pure at my
heart like they snowdrops. You arc nearer to
that, little dear, than Murphy is."

There was not time for tho gardener and
child to arrive at a clear understanding of tie
truth just then, for Sunshine was called into.
the house,

If Mrs, Ross had overheard the conversation,
she would probably have said," There is none
that doeth good, no not one." There as but one
way to heaven---"Christ is the way, the truth,
and the life." We have no real purity, except,
that which is gained by washing our robes arid
!!!!! 016.txt !!!!!

making them white in tie blood of the Lamb.
It is the Lamb of God and He alone, "who
taketh away tie sin of the world."

Murphy took the greatest care of Sunshine's
snowdrops, and when their pale heads drooped
and died, be found other sweet flowers to take
their place ;and told his little favourite, that if
the bulbs remained they would throw out new
leaves and blossoms in the following spring.

And in tile old man's heart remained the
impression made by the child's words about
purity, to he hidden for a time, like the bulbs,
arid, like them, to bud and blossom in future
days.

The pretty laburnum drooped its graceful
golden flowers,---the sweetly scented lilac burst
forth,---the June roses came and went, giving
place to other lovely flowers and rich fruits.

And Sunshine, in her large cotton hat, watered
arid weeded. She spent a great deal of time in
her garden. She had neither brother nor
sister. Her principal play-fellow was" Watch."
!!!!! 017.txt !!!!!
She enjoyed a chat with Murphy, too, and the
honest hearted man loved to listen to bar
childish talk. He would walk miles to procure
a rare flower, or anything else be thought likely
to please bar.
!!!!! 018.txt !!!!!

Chapter 1I.

RESCUED.

So tie happy days passed on,
until one evening near the
end of summer, Mr, and Mrs.
Ross were walking with,
Florrie in a meadow, near
their garden.

1n this meadow was a pond, over which a
beautiful willow tree grew.

The moon was shining bright1y, and the
willow reflected itself in tie water beneath. The
effect of this reflection was so pretty that the
two stopped to admire, and Mr, Ross said, if one
!!!!! 019.txt !!!!!
had hut a magic pencil to catch that, just as we
see it now, the picture would he valuable.

On tho next morning, Florrie, not staying to
think that the same strong reflection would not
he visible in broad day-light, marched to the
pond with her drawing pencils and paper, intending
to astonish her papa by her pourtrayal of tie
willow in the water,

"Murphy, I will tell you a secret, "she said,
as she passed through the garden. "Papa arid
mamma were admiring that beautiful willow"
over the pond last night, and I have very good.
pencils---new ones--and a new sheet of drawing
paper, and I am going to try and sketch the
pond and the tree, and save my money, and
have it framed, to give to papa on his birthday.
Will it not surprise him, if I can do it?
You will he sure and not tell, Murphy."

"I won't tell, Missie, depend upon it, "and
Murphy discontinued his digging operations to
watch the little feet patter along the garden,
path. The bright curls danced in the sun's rays.
!!!!! 020.txt !!!!!
and tho laughing face turned round to say,
"Good bye, dont tell."

The garden gate closed behind tile child.
Watch whined because be was chained up, and
could not follow tier.

"You shall come with me when I have finished
my picture, Watch," said the sweet little voice:
then bounding across the field, the child sang
one of her nursery songs and Murphy resumed
his work.

For some moments be heard the clear tones
of Florrie's voice singing---then it ceased, and
in less than a minute a splash could he heard
in the water. Murphy dropped his spade and
looked towards tile pond.

The child's sun hat was floating upon tie
water, she herself nowhere visible.

In a moment be sprang over the flower beds,
heedless of the havoc be was making amongst
his own carefully finished work.

"Watch!" be cried. Out sprang the dog--the
collar was removed from his neck in an instant.
!!!!! 021.txt !!!!!

"Bring her out, good dog:" and man and dog
sprang through tho meadow. As they neared
the pond the child's head appeared above the
water, and her arms were thrown upwards,

"Quick, good dog, bring bar out!" shouted
Murphy, as be ran. The dog was first at the
pond, and the sagacious creature darted immediately
at the drowning Florrie---seized her
dress, arid began to pull toward the bank. Sunshine
arid Watch were struggling for dear life
now, and bravely the dog kept his hold, until
Murphy walked into the pond, arid with the
water above his waist lifted tie little trembling
one in his arms, and waded out with bar,
followed closely by the faithful dog,

"Dont go and frighten the mistress to death,
cook," exclaimed Murphy, as be entered the
kitchen, with his little favourite in his arms,
now ail pale and unconscious.

Murphy forgot that be was alarming poor
cook rather seriously, by the sudden appearance
of tho saturated and deathly-looking child.
!!!!! 022.txt !!!!!
But cook was a sensible woman, and in less
than five minutes Mrs, Ross was on the spot,
and tile best restoratives were being used.

After consciousness returned, Florrie lay
still in tier bed for hours, with her hand in
that of her mother, who sat beside her. But
once she said," Bring Watch, please mamma."
Watch was called, and she put bar arm around
his neck, and told him that be was a dear, good,
beautiful dog,

"And 1 saw you jump into the water to save
me, you dear old Watch, "she repeated. The
dog's brown eyes, so full of intelligence, seemed
to reply lovingly to each word. He licked bar
hand and whined with delight ;then turned to
Mrs. Ross, and capered about her most joyously.
as though be would say, "How glad we are
that she as alive."

But after this admission to the house and to
tie room of his little mistress, Watch became
importunate for a place beside the child constantly,
He was a yard dog. And cook had
!!!!! 023.txt !!!!!
"MURPHY WALKED 1NTO THE POND..................AND WADED OCT
W1TH HER."
!!!!! 024.txt !!!!!
[Blank Page]
!!!!! 025.txt !!!!!
many times informed him that she would not
have his dirty feet marks all over bar kitchen
floor, and be was just to go out to his proper
place, and he fastened up. At such times
Watch had been in the habit of looking demure,
and walking out of the house. But now times
were changed, be would whine upon the kitchen
door-step, until the cook let him in, and if the
whine proved ineffectual be would howl, and
scratch at tho door. Once inside the kitchen,
be would give expression to his gratitude by
barks and leaps, which endangered tile dinner-service
upon the dresser ;then make his way
to tho next closed door, and whine again, nor
cease until be could lie down by the side of his
little mistress.

1n a couple of days, Murphy was delighted
to find that Florrie had so far recovered as to
he able to take a turn in the garden, seated in
an invalid chair.

How proud the good man looked as be guided
the chair! And Watch, marching beside it.
!!!!! 026.txt !!!!!
seemed no less proud. The dog's noble head,
was erect, and quite on tie alert to catch the
words addressed to him by Florrie,

"Good Watch! Beautiful Watch!" she said,
often." I love you, good dog!" And the dog's
speaking eyes gave sufficient answer.

"1 will go in now, if you please, Murphy,"
said the child at length.

Murphy carried her into tho library, where
sat Mr, Ross.

"Sit down for a minute or two, Murphy; 1
want to speak to you, "said the gentleman, as
be placed Florrie in an easy chair; then rang
the bell for a servant to ask Mrs, Ross if she
would join them. Mrs, Ross came, and as she
seated herself near the child, Mr, Ross said,
"We cannot repay you, Murphy, for saving tho
life of our child. Neither can I say much about,
it. My gratitude is too deep for many words.
You have been, and are still, a faithful servant,
and as a mark of our appreciation of your daily.
services, and our thankfulness to you, and for
!!!!! 027.txt !!!!!
this great and special service, will you accept
from Mrs, Ross this Bank note, and from myself
a cottage rent free for your life lime?

Murphy took tie note in his hand, and gazed
at it with astonishment. Ten pounds! He had
never before in his life owned so much money,
Then laying it upon the table, be said with
much feeling,--

"1 did not get Missie out of the pond for
that, Sir."

Of course be did not. Poor, honest Murphy!
Mr. and Mrs. Ross well knew that be did not,
and kindly they impressed this upon his mind:
then sent him home with a basket of nice
provisions, that his wife and be might enjoy
them together, arid the Bank note was enclosed
in a large envelope, and pinned to his waistcoat
pocket by the cook before be started with it.
!!!!! 028.txt !!!!!

CHAPTER III,

"The pure in heart."

The next day was Sunday,
and tile rescued child was
able to walk to the house of
God with her parents.

"I will pay my vows unto the
Lord, now in the presence of ail
His people, "said Mrs. Ross, softly,
to her husband, as they entered. Her eyes.
were full of tears. And she held the little.
one's hand firmly, as she spoke. Mr, Ross
well understood her meaning. And two full
!!!!! 029.txt !!!!!
hearts poured out their thankfulness before the
great loving Father in Heaven for sparing
their beloved child.

Many many times in the few days that had
elapsed since Florrie's accident, they had
thanked God for His mercy ;but into His
courts they felt they must go to-day with
special thanksgiving and praise,

And the little Florrie thanked God, too, for
His great goodness to her.

Moreover, she listened attentively to tho
sermon. The text was," Blessed are the pure
in heart, for they shall see God."---(Matt. v. 8.)

The preacher began at the end of his text.
He spoke of God, His perfect purity, and
hatred of sin ;His unwavering justice, and so
on, quoting the words;--

"Eternal Light! Eternal Light!
How pure the soul must he,
When placed within Thy searching sight,
It shrinks not, but with calm delight.
Can live and look on Thee."
!!!!! 030.txt !!!!!

Then the "pure in heart, "those who shall
see God, were described.

"These are they, "said the preacher, "who,
feeling their own weakness, and unrighteousness.
before God, have gone to Him, arid
earnestly cried for 'a clean heart,' arid 'a right
spirit,' and who now can truthfully say,

'Jesus, Thy Blood and Righteousness,
My beauty are, my glorious dress.'

"And for these," be continued, "there is
no condemnation ;they shall see His face, and
His name shall he in their foreheads. They
shall walk for ever in the light of the beautiful.
home, where dwell the Lord God and the Lamb,

"Truly blessed then, are such! for they
'have right to the tree of life,' and shall enter
in through the gates into the city."

The congregation then sang;--

"Oh for tie robes of whiteness!
Oh for the tearless eyes!
Oh for tile glorious brightness
Of tho unclouded skies!
!!!!! 031.txt !!!!!

"Oil for the no more weeping,
Within tie land of love!
The glorious rest of keeping,
The Bridal feast above.

"Oh for the bliss of rising,
My risen Lord to meet!
Oh for the rest of lying.
For ever at His feet!

"Oh for the hour of seeing
My Saviour face to face!
The hope of ever being
1n that sweet meeting place."

The sermon was not lost upon Florrie for on
the following day she repeated a good part of
it most correctly to Murphy, as she trotted
about the garden by his side, while be paid
the utmost attention to all she talked about:
and when be reached his home that night he
said to his wife---"The little one has been talking
to me about the sermon she heard yesterday:
her memory is wonderful, surely. Bless
her heart! 1f anybody can teach Murphy the
!!!!! 032.txt !!!!!
way to heaven, she can. 1 shall go to church
next Sunday Missus, if I am spared. Will you
go too? God has blessed us wonderful, I
consider ;and we are worse than two black
heathens to sit here Sunday after Sunday, as
we do. I am downright ashamed of myself ;I
dont know how you feel about it."

"I call that 'turning over a fresh leaf,'"
responded Mrs, Murphy, as she drew up the
weights of tie clock, and set the alarum to
awaken them at five in the morning.

Shortly after this letters arrived, bringing to
Mrs, Ross news of the death of an elder brother,
who bad been living some years in America. He
had been in possession of a large estate there,
and having died without wife or family had
left tie property to his brother's only child, our
little Florrie. It was needful that Mr, Ross
should he on the spot to ensure and guard it
for bar. Accordingly the family departed for
America, much to the grief of poor Murphy,
Still his cottage could not he taken from him,
!!!!! 033.txt !!!!!
and Mr. Ross left him with the promise, that,
should be write and tell him that he was ill, or
out of work, money should he forwarded to
him immediately." God bless you, Murphy,"
were his last words to the old servant." You
shall never want a friend while I live. Let me
know by the very quickest means, if yon are
in need of any kind. Never mind the expense.
of those means. I will defray ail expenses,
and send you money at once. But, bye tie
bye," be continued, "I fear you may find difficulties
in this plan. It will take some time for
you to get an answer from New York. I will.
leave you in charge of tile Rev.------ -------, go
to him if you need anything. I will make ail
arrangements with him, concerning you."

"Dear MurphyI" said little Sunshine, as
she placed her tiny hand in the gardener's hard,
palm;" dear Murphy, I shall often write you
a nice long letter. And I dont believe we
shall have such a nice gardener in America.
And if be is as kind as you, I do not think I
!!!!! 034.txt !!!!!
shall ever like him half a quarter as well as I
like you."

The old man wept. And Watch, after studying.
his face for a few seconds drew close to
him, and licked the hand that rested on his
knee. Doggie like, true to his faithful race, be
sympathized with his troubled friend.

On tho next day the steamer started, and
after many a tearful adieu, Mr, and Mrs. Ross,
F1orrie, and Watch, left England.
!!!!! 035.txt !!!!!

Chapter IV.

THE OLD MAN LEARNS TO READ,

Four years passed away, and
Mr, Ross having business in
England, visited it again.

Murphy wrote occasionally,
during that time ;but had
never asked for help of any kind
from his old master, or from the gentleman
who had undertaken to act for him in case of
need.

"I will go and see Murphy first, "thought
Mr. Ross, as be landed; and as soon as the
!!!!! 036.txt !!!!!
train could take him to Murphy's cottage, be
went.

It was an evening in early spring. The
weather was cold. As be drew near the cottage,
be perceived the shutters were unclosed;
arid a bright fire burned in the grate.

By the fireside was Murphy, beside him sat a
little girl, pointing with her ringer to a page of
an open book, which lay upon tile table.
Evidently the child was teaching the old man
to read. And Mrs, Murphy had ceased knitting,
to gaze at the pair over the top of her
spectacles.

On the table were two little flower-pots, each.
containing lovely snowdrops. A gentle tap at
the door and candle in hand, Mrs. Murphy
stood face to face with the stranger.

"Peter Murphy, look you hereI" she
exclaimed, with a start, and without further
explanation, sat down in tile nearest chair and
cried for joy ;while Murphy, quite as delighted,
but less demonstrative, led in his guest in
!!!!! 037.txt !!!!!
triumph, and seated him beside the fire." Now
Missis, come, come!" exclaimed be, "cry after
you have made the kettle boil, and got the
master some tea."

Thus admonished, Mrs, Murphy put on the
tea kettle, and mounted a chair, to reach from
bar corner cupboard her china cups and glass
sugar basin.

With many apologies, a nice tea was served
up in a short time.

"Please to move tile Bible and the flowers,
Peter, "said the wife, as she held the tea tray
in her hands, ready to place it before Mr, Ross.

"The Bible and flowers, "repeated Murphy,
as be carefully placed them on a side table.

"What fine snowdrops!" exclaimed Mr. Ross,

"They ought to he fine, sir," returned the
old man;" if ever flowers were watched over
they are."

"Are they such great favourites then?"

"Five springs back, sir, "continued Murphy,
"I was just living for this world; I tried to he
!!!!! 038.txt !!!!!
honest, and to do my duty, to he sure. But I
had a notion that my honesty, and all the rest.
of my goodness, would take me to heaven ;and
yet 1 felt very uncomfortable about it, too, at
times; for 1 knew I was far enough from being
perfect and I did not see the way to make
myself perfect either. And it was just through
these snowdrops I got my first lesson in tie
right way, at least, it was from snowdrops that
sprang from them very bulbs."

"How so?" asked Mr. Ross,

"Dear Miss Florrie came to me in the
garden one day, with a little pot of snowdrops:
and she said:--'I think they must he very
good flowers, dont you?' And when I asked
her meaning, and I remember every word as
if it was but yesterday, she answered:--'Yes.
good, not naughty. Mamma tells me about
people being pure ;and she says only those
who are made pure can go to heaven, to live
with God arid His dear Son Jesus, and the
holy angels.'
!!!!! 039.txt !!!!!

"I thought and thought over these words,
until I felt quite sure I was not pure and good
enough to find a blessed borne in that beautiful
place ;and I got no rest, till I found out that
'tho blood of Jesus Christ, God's Son, cleanseth
from all sin': and I asked God, with all my
heart, to cleanse me from sin for Christ's sake.
Then I got no rest till my missus thought as I
did, and now, in my old days, I am trying to
learn the Bible. This little girl lives next door,
and she comes in of an evening to teach me.
And, thank God, we love the Bible, my missus
and I. And we both watch the snowdrops, as
though they were our children. And we are
looking for a blessed borne yonder, sir, for ever
arid ever, when our work is done here."

Murphy ceased speaking, and looked into tie
fire. The little girl had fallen asleep---and as
Mrs. Murphy removed the tea tray, she asked.
"How as Watch, sir?"

"Quite well, and noble as ever, "was the
reply.
!!!!! 040.txt !!!!!

"And the dear Mistress and Miss Florrie arc
well, sir, you say?"

"Yes, both well and happy. And I have a
message from them to you. God has in His
wisdom increased our riches considerably ;and
they unite with me in the request that you will
both return with me to America, arid inhabit a
home there instead of here, on the same terms,
And that yon, Murphy, will become my daughter's
attendant, a sort of guard in bar walks, &c.
The remuneration for this service will he enough
to keep yourself and wife in comfort. And we
shall have tile satisfaction of seeing that you
are well cared for as long as you live. Do you
feel disposed to fall in with this plan?"

The couple looked at each other ;they had
no living child, or tie of any kind, for their only,
child was dead ;still they loved their native
land,

The wife was first to speak--

"Will you go, master?"

"Yes, if you will, wife."
!!!!! 041.txt !!!!!

"1 took you for 'better or worse' many a
long year ago, and I wont part from you now.
Nor I couldnt refuse, when the master asks us
so kindly. So we'll go, "returned the quivering
voice.

In a few weeks from this time Mrs. Ross
and Florence, still called Sunshine, with Watch.
by their side stood telescope in hand, by the
side of New York bay, anxiously looking for a
steamer. It came, and on board were Mr,
Ross, Murphy, Mrs, Murphy, the Bible, and
the Snowdrops.
!!!!! 042.txt !!!!!

Chapter V.

MISTHER BARNEY MCCRANKUM.

With tie same bright face and
footstep as light as in earlier,
years, Florrie hastened to
meet the party when they
landed. Altogether heedless
of bystanders or etiquette,
she threw her arms about her papa's neck, as a
wee child might have done in the same circumstances.

A sweet loving creature she looked truly,
with her heightened colour, bright eyes, and
beautiful expression.  The closely following
!!!!! 043.txt !!!!!
Watch was even more demonstrative than his
young mistress; be sprang and capered--barked
and sprang again, at the sight of his master:
while Mrs, Ross quietly came up, placed her
hand in that of her husband ;and repeated the
welcome in a suppressed and quivering voice.
Her manner and tones reminded Mr, Ross of the
day when she said, as she entered the house of
God--"1 will pay my vows unto the Lord, now
in the presence of all His people, "the Sunday
after Florrie's rescue from the pond. They
expressed similar deep thankfulness, gladness
and love, is then tears were appearing, in
spite of bar efforts to keep them back. And as
she turned to Murphy and his wife and heard
their heartfelt" God bless you, Ma'am!" the
tears, would, and did come.

Next Florrie greeted the old servants right
joyously, and Watch did the same. If any one
imagines that tho dog had forgotten his friends
in the space of four years, it is a mistake; be
would have recognised Murphy as readily as
!!!!! 044.txt !!!!!
Murphy would have recognized him, if they had
happened to meet at Cape Horn, or among the
rocky mountains. Accordingly be capered and
barked to his heart's content, and no one bad
the will to check his demonstrations of joy.
So they formed rather a noisy party, until they
reached tie carriage that was waiting to convey
them home. In it were a pair of horses, one
of them, very high spirited. As the party took
their seats and started, Watch, in the excess of
his joy, jumped barking around the heads of
the horses. A most unusual course this for the
sagacious, middle-aged Watch to pursue. So
thought the coachman, for be exclaimed with
strong Irish accent--

"Arrah, darlint dog, arc ye moonstruck this
bright day? Be aisy now, cant ye."

But the head of the more spirited horse was
tossed back in a moment ;his fore-feet lifted
high, and with great force, be tried to free himself
from all restraint. 1t seemed as though the
reins must break, or the driver lose his hold of
!!!!! 045.txt !!!!!
them, under tie prancing and powerful movement
of tile startled horse.

Not so, however. Misther Barney McCrankum
was used to the excitable nature of" Barney's
boy," as be called the horse.

"Didn't be bring him over from ould Ireland?"
be would ask, if any one disputed his right and
power to govern him. "An' didn't I, sure," be
would add," didn't I make acquaintance with
the jewel when be was the most beautiful
juvenile, an' looked as though be had come
straight from 'Rabia?' An' didnt the Masther
buy the horse, arid hire Misther Barney to
manage him, because it was just the most sensible.
thing in tile world to do, seein' that the
crathur wouldn't he managed by any other body?
So ye need not volunteer to give good advice
about the best and beautiflest horse in the world,
1f Misther Barney can't manage him, no more
can anyone else. There's one thing about it
sure. Yer whip and yer grand batings wouldnt
do for 'Barney's boy': that's supposin' you
!!!!! 046.txt !!!!!
or your friends had any respect for yer
safety."

Barney did not try the whip in the present
emergency, hut held tile reins firmly, and spoke
soothingly to tie animal. Presently the two
fore-feet were brought down to the ground.
The horse champed his bit, and tossed his head.
hut made no further sign of perturbation.

Barney descended from his elevation to finish
his soothing work, and adjust the harness:
while Mr, Ross, from the carriage window, called
Watch to order." Shall I fix it?" exclaimed a
sprightly American boy, as be darted from one of
the stores. But Barney told the boy that the
"crathur "wouldn't let anybody touch him just
now, "save an' except his Masther, "adding,
almost in tho same breath, to Watch--

"1t's very ungintlemanly of ye, to go for to
scare tile horses, and break ivery bone of the
quality, Misther Barney's bones too."

The American boy laughed, and looked on,
There were other lookers on by this time.
!!!!! 047.txt !!!!!
Several sharp featured men and boys. A
coloured woman and a fair, blue-eyed girl, who
made several comments on the scene before her,
to tile dark woman. They were strangers to
each other evidently, for neither one could,
understand a word said by the other. No
wonder. The girl bad come from Germany
about a month previous to that time. She had
learned a few English words but pronounced
them imperfectly, and used them in wrong
places ;altogether producing a medley, which
must have proved unintelligible to her own
countrymen, but was amusing to the occupants,
of the carriage, Mr, and Mrs. Ross both
happening to he German scholars.

Watch looked reproved by Barney's words.
and retreated to tile back of the carriage. And
Barney patted tho neck of the frightened horse,
saying as be did so,

"Who's for to hurt ye, me honey? Be aisy
now. 1t's yer masther, me jewel."

The beautiful creature curved his neck and
!!!!! 048.txt !!!!!
fixed his eyes upon Barney's face. A casual
observer would probably have thought that tie
horse was perfectly quiet now. But Barney
observed that the veins about his head were
still swollen and his eyes looked large and
fierce in their expression. So with all tie
kindness of a warm-hearted man, who knew, well.
the nature of the animal be professed to govern
and tend, Barney stood for some minutes
soothing and encouraging the poor beast, knowing
that be had suffered intensely from fear.

The untaught Barney had a big heart and
some common sense ;and it seemed to him that
it was better to decrease the fear by soothing.
than to increase it by shameful and cowardly
whipping,

Barney had been known to alight, after
'Barney's boy' had shied at a piece of paper.
or a puddle in the road and, with all the gentleness
of a woman, lead the horse firmly up to
tho startling object, saying to the poor, scared
thing, in tones it well understood:---*
!!!!! 049.txt !!!!!

*"Sure honey, 'tis nothing to fright ye, just
a bit o' paper, nothing more at all."

Some persons laughed at Barney's coaxing
plan. But one thing is certain ;the Merciful
Maker of all living creatures laughs NOT at
oppression and injustice. All the beasts of the
forest are HIS. Every strong willing limb and
muscle are the work of HIS mighty hand.

They are ours to use certainly. But with
the possession and use comes a responsibility---that
of using them aright. Neither does our
responsibility end here concerning them. Men
and women who walk the public streets, and
must daily witness, or run away from sickening
instances of neglect arid cruelty towards animals,
arc responsible for their individual effort to
suppress tho cowardly sin. The children are
responsible, too, in this matter to a great extent.
For instance, the little girl who has a donkey.
ride at a Sunday School treat, or elsewhere,
can, if die will, prevent the donkey's master
from beating him with a thick stick, as be trots
!!!!! 050.txt !!!!!
quickly along. At least quickly for a donkey.
that has not improbably been trotting best part
of the day, after a poor breakfast, a poor stable,
and a poor bed. It is highly amusing for a boy
to set a cat flying in terror, but the boy who
scares cats, &c., will probably do something
more cowardly still, as years pass on, and perhaps
something more cruel.

"Misther Barney McCrankum "never did
have a taste for this manly sport, or possibly
the attempt to train "Barney's boy "would
have proved a failure.

The occupants of the carriage patiently
waited until Barney had restored order, and
"settled," as be said, the horse that seemed to
he the very pride of his heart. Then they
started again, arid soon reached their New York
home in safety.
!!!!! 051.txt !!!!!

Chapter VI,

BARNEY REFLECTS.

MR. and Mrs, Murphy wondered
as they went, that tie
streets shou1d look so like
London streets, and that,
tho people were so much like
the people of old England.
The greatest difference they observed was, that
the features of many were sharper, arid their
manner exceedingly quick and independent.

The well stocked stores, arid smart store
keepers, the innumerable vehicles, and stylishly
dressed ladies, all helped to increase their aston-*
!!!!! 052.txt !!!!!
*ishment. Evidently they had expected to find
the Americans in about the same stage of civilization
as tie ancient Britons were, when Julius
CÅÊsar landed on the island. Murphy arrived
at the conclusion, that the backwood kind of life
be had heard about, from a man who had lived
in tie backwoods of 'Meriky,' had not got so
far as New York,

Mrs. Murphy summed up by saying:" backwoods
a'int New York, arid New York a'int
backwoods, "a fact to which Murphy assented.
The simple-hearted couple would probably have
got a sharper explanation than was due to them
if a New Yorker had been within hearing,
However none were about them just then and
Mrs, Murphy continued,--

"Well, 1 am astonished! I thought it would
he all a wild wilderness!"

"You had faith in us, then, "said Mrs. Ross,
kindly;" or you would never have ventured to
come to us in such a place as you imagined it to
he."
!!!!! 053.txt !!!!!

"Well, ma'am," was Murphy's reply, the
master said be would never forsake us. And
we never did have anything but real truth from
you and tie master. So we never thought of
doubting his word. Besides, we shall he happier--a
sight happier, near you. We dont forget
Miss Florrie, ma'am, not we, nor what die has
done for us."

"Been tie means, through God, of doing,"
suggested Mr, Ross.

"Yes, Sir, true. The means, through God, of
doing for us. And we 1ove her, my missis an'
me. We love her so much that we left our own
pretty lass in tier grave over yonder at home, to
come to her arid you, and the mistress."

Florrie, in a corner of the carriage, wondered,
what she bad ever done for Murphy and his
wife, to merit so much gratitude. And Mr,
Ross said--

"Have you made arrangements with any one
to keep your child's grave in order?"

"Well no, Sir ;the day before we started I
!!!!! 054.txt !!!!!
went arid turfed it afresh, planted some flowers,
and made a good twig covering for it. And my
Missis cleaned the head stone. So it is all
right for tho present."

"I will have it properly attended to in
future, "returned Mr. Ross.

As be spoke the thought occurred to him, that
bad not Murphy interposed, his own bright
Florrie might have been lying far away in old
England---or rather the body of that loving child
might have been mingling with the dust there,

Little more was said upon the subject just.
then ;but Mr. and Mrs. Murphy were appreciated,
and treated is their age and faithfulness
merited.

1t was pleasant to see their surprise and
delight at the neat pretty home provided for
them, in close proximity to Mr, Ross's house, and
most amusing to listen to Murphy's remarks, when
be found they had scarcely anything to do, except
to rejoice together over their peace and plenty.

He never came with tho intention of being a
!!!!! 055.txt !!!!!
gentleman, be said, but a servant. Mr. Ross
only smiled, and told him be was a gentleman
in the highest sense of the word, and be must
submit to be treated accordingly. Certainly, be
attended Florrie in her walks, but that was the
extent of his labour,

Florrie had a habit of turning out of the hand
some streets of tile city into places where the
miserably destitute could he found. At such
times Murphy was a treasure, for be protected
her from insult and carried provisions for her to
distribute at the same time,

Often, too, for his own pleasure he mounted
the coach-box beside Barney, arid took upon him
self the office of opening the carriage door ;at
such times he never failed to converse with,
Barney about the beautiful old country ;and
Barney in return spoke tho praises of his ould
Ireland,

And often the old man ventured to speak of
a land more beautiful than either---and of the
way to reach it,
!!!!! 056.txt !!!!!

The well-loved household truth concerning
Florrie and the Snowdrops was repeated,
Barney's warm heart grew warmer as he heard.
it, for he loved his young mistress, partly because.
she was sweet tempered, and partly
because she was very considerate about his
horses,

"My father and mother are good Catholics.
ye see, "Barney said one day as he held the
reins, and Murphy sat beside him. Murphy
had just referred him to a passage of Scripture
that he felt would give weight to some remark,
made by himself.

"My parents are good Catholics, ye see ;and
we do not read tho Bible."

"Humph, "was Murphy's reply; then he
continued--

"Will yon oblige me by calling in at my
cottage to have a little more talk about this.
Mr, McCrankum?"

"An' I'll he proud and happy, Misther
Murphy, to do the same. Me taste dont lie in
!!!!! 057.txt !!!!!
the direction of New York evening amusements.
I'll he glad enough, sure, to sit by your fireside
for half an hour when the work's done. An' it
'll remind me o' the days when 1 sat beside me
father's fire, an' heard him tell o' miracles an'
wonders. An' my mother would bless you,
sure, if she knew that you took tile smallest bit
o' interest in her boy Barney. She's got a
strange consate about her Barney. 1t nearly
went for to break her heart when tho steamer
started with tho 'boy' an' me. An' yet it was
for me good she knew. Sure, an' I knew that
well enough meself too. But for all that, me
heart aches when I sit and think o' me mother
an' father, left behind in the beautiful ould
counthry. An' 1'm afther thinkin' that I'll save
the money arid send for them. It's hard enough
there for them. Sure, tie dear place itself is
green enough, an' the soil is rich enough.
There is plenty in tho land to feed the rich an'
poor. But somehow it is, the poor cant all
live there. It's pinin' work for the crathurs."
!!!!! 058.txt !!!!!

"Too many people, too many people, "returned
Murphy." Send for them as soon as you
can save the money; if you think your father.
can get work."

"Me father's not an old man, ye see. I'm
the biggest boy. An' little Norah the jewel,
is a baby, wi' yellow hair, an' sky-blue eyes.
An' there's seven more :that's nine brothers an'
sisters, ye see. But this is a big counthry.
There's lots o' room for them in it."

"True," returned Murphy. "You he sure
and look in for an hour to-night. Then we can
talk over this matter, is well as the other."

In the evening Barney called upon his friend,
according to arrangement. A couple of hours
passed pleasantly away. And after be had
departed, Mrs. Murphy remarked" that she
liked the young man's 'pearance, "adding, "it
will he as well if you ask him to come in
often master. It's rather trying for a young
man to have no friends but his master and
mistress, in a place like this." Mrs, Murphy
!!!!! 059.txt !!!!!
never had cause to regret that she had made
this suggestion. And Barney was exceedingly
grateful, when be perceived that she was bent
upon being a sort of second mother to him.
She mended his stockings, hemmed his handkerchiefs,
and did everything else in that way,
which tended to make him more comfortable.

Barney visited tie cottage every evening, and
before be left Murphy would read a chapter in
the Bible. Slowly and carefully the old man
would pronounce each word. The long words.
be had to spell, and Barney, being the better
scholar of the two, would help him. At first be
acknowledged that reading the Bible was" a
thrifle against his conscience, sure. Still fee
would he 'proud an' happy' if he could 'help
Misther Murphy out wi' it.'" And while lie
was helping "Mr. Murphy out, "as he said, he
was pondering over some of tho passages of
Scripture that by this means came under his
notice. One evening after the reading, fee sat
looking hard at the red coals in the grate,
!!!!! 060.txt !!!!!

Presently tie exclaimed--

"The Bible says things plain an' straight,
enough to me head! An' didn't you just he
readin' 'Search the Scriptures'?"

"Yes, to he sure I did," was the reply.
"That's our Saviour's own command."

"Plain enough, "returned Barney. "An'
did the blessed Saviour say that to the people,
or to the prastes now?"

"To the people."

Barney began to muse again. Then suddenly.
said--

"An' the Bible tells plain enough about the
love He had in His heart to the poor sick,
people, an' to St. Peter arid St. John, an' the
rest of the disciples."

"Oh yes, it's all plain," replied Murphy,

"An' sure, I used to think tie Bible was
much harder to understand, Misther Murphy,
An' I left the understandin' of it to my betters.
as I was told."

"Read it for yourself, my boy ;that's God's
!!!!! 061.txt !!!!!
will and the plain command of Jesus Christ our
Saviour."

"Thrue enough." And Barney rose to go
home. His "God bless ye both, "was spoken
very fervently. And as Murphy closed tho
door after him, be turned to his wife and said--"May
God bless him poor lad, and teach him
tile right way to heaven."
!!!!! 062.txt !!!!!

Chapter VII,

THE EFFECT OF BEAT1NG.

With all his natural strength.
and cheerfulness, Barney.
was not always proof against,
sickness, and one day be
bad fairly to succumb. It
was useless to try to sit tip,
arid attend to his duties. As soon as a message
to that effect reached Mr, Ross, he went to him.

"Oh, but sure, sir, an' this is bad, "said
Barney. " An' yer honour must go, where ye
told me yesterday. An' dont you think I
!!!!! 063.txt !!!!!
could just dhrive you there, an' then come to
me bed agin?"

"No, no, Barney ;I cannot allow such a
thing. You lie still. I will send the doctor to
see you. And I will hire a driver for a few
days, until you recover. Try to forget your,
work altogether. And you will soon he well
enough, I trust, to get about again."

"But the boy, sirI" said Barney in dismay.

Mr, Ross smiled.

"We will take good care of your beautiful
boy Barney."

"An' it won't he well for yer honour if that
dhriver uses the whip on his back. 1'm afther
believin' be'll be safer in the stable till I get
better, sir."

"I will he sure to speak to him particularly
about the horse, "were Mr. Ross's last words
to his faithful servant. True to his promise he
did so. He gave directions that the horse
should on no account he whipped, or he would
become restive and perhaps rather dangerous.
!!!!! 064.txt !!!!!
arid with the help of the people who had seen
the commencement of the flight traced the
carriage. He hurried along in the direction
which tie horses were said to have taken, until
tie espied the wreck in the distance, and some
people gathered around. One offered brandy
to the man another wiped the foam from the
horses, and threw rugs over them, others shook
their heads at the broken vehicle :Mr. Ross
walked up to the driver:" Is he seriously
hurt?" was the first question,

"He's kinder better than he was five minutes
ago," replied a pale, dark eyed woman." I
guess he'll, come round soon."

"Wonderful sprig to fail without breaking
any of his bones," said a man, who was holding
the capsized man upon his arm." Ai'nt you
all right again?" "Oh yes, "was the reply.
"1 guess I am fixed now. I lost my senses for
a few minutes, 1 suppose. I can go on now."
And he turned to look at the carriage arid
horses. The horses did not seem in a fit state.
!!!!! 065.txt !!!!!
"A SUDDEN LEAP.........AND BOTH HORSES WERE INSTANTLY FLYING ALONG."
!!!!! 066.txt !!!!!
all sure. He's the best horse in New York,
and one o' tile han'somest that ever came out
from ould Ireland." So Barney comforted
himself concerning the accident nor was he
very wrong in his estimate of tho noble beast.
!!!!! 067.txt !!!!!

Chapter VIII,

"I'll just go first, and wait for him."

"MRS. MURPHY is not well,
to-day," said Florrie, one
morning, after paying a
visit to the cottage,

"What is amiss, my
dear?" asked Mrs, Ross.

"She says she feels very weak, and she looks,
so too mamma. I wish you would go in and
see her, I feel quite concerned about her."

Mrs. Ross went ;and as she talked with
Mrs, Murphy, it seemed to her that the aged
!!!!! 068.txt !!!!!
woman was altered much of late. Her step
was feebler, and her hair whiter, but her eyes
were more bright, arid her manner sweeter,
and more subdued.

"I do not grieve," she said." No, not at
all :though I do think I am sinking fast.
Jesus died for me ;I believe it with all my
heart. I believed it long ago. And it is all
well. Sometimes I feel a little inclined to wish
that my master could go with me ;but, then, I
think again it as wrong. And God's time is the
tight time, for all of us. I'll just go first, and
wait for him, if it is God's will."

In a few weeks from this time, Mrs, Murphy
died--died in full realisation of her" peace
with God, through Jesus Christ, our Lord."
Mrs, Ross, Florrie, and Murphy were around
bar in her last moments.

"I want to speak, master, "she said; and
Murphy raised her in his arms, that she might.
speak with less difficulty." I want Barney,"
she continued with her weak voice. Barney
!!!!! 069.txt !!!!!
was down stairs anxiously waiting to hear if
the spirit of the kindly woman be had learned
to love as a mother, was passing away. He
came immediately.

"Come here, my poor boy." Barney bent
his head over her, that be might not lose a
word that fell from bar lips.

"'Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ and
thou shalt he saved.' The priests can't save
you---only Jesus, only Jesus."

"An' I know it," said Barney, as be bent his
bead lower to hide his tears.

A few words of blessing and prayer---a few
more words of trust in tile Redeemer, and the
saved soul left its prison-house for the presence,
of tile Lord.

Bloom on, beautiful snowdrops! Your lesson
of purity is doing its work. Whisper to many
another, that only the "pure in heart "shall
see God. Tell them again and again, that to
he pure, they must "wash their robes, and
make them white in tile blood of the Lamb."
!!!!! 070.txt !!!!!
Tell them of the fair city, where is" a pure
river of water of life clear as crystal, proceeding
out of tie throne of God and of the
Lamb." (Rev. xxii., 1.) And where" shall in
no wise enter anything that defileth." (Rev.
xxi., 27.) Tell them that this is offered,
"without money, and without price," to" every
one that thirsteth." Tell them that God" waits
to he gracious." And that Jesus wept over
Jerusalem, and said, "1f thou hadst known,
even thou, at least in this thy day, the things
which belong to thy peace." And, as we read
in another place," O Jerusalem, Jerusalem,
thou that killest the prophets, arid stonest them
that are sent unto thee, how often would 1 have
gathered thee, as a hen gathereth bar chickens
under her wings, and ye would notI"

Florrie never thought that she had boon the
means of influencing two or three persons so
powerfully. But that matters not ;it is
recorded. And highly honoured was she, in
the morning of her life, to he used as an instru-*
!!!!! 071.txt !!!!!
*ment of God. In bar simple, earnest way, she
daily influenced many others. But we must
confine ourselves at present to the history of
the few already mentioned. Every one of us,
more or less, must influence others, for evil or
good. There is no escape from it. Actions,
words, looks even, most surely do their work.
Daily, hourly, and as long as we live, this must
go on. How shall our influence become good?
"Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his
way? By taking heed thereto, according to
Thy word." (Psalm cxix., 9.) " Blessed are
the undefiled in the way, who walk in the law
of the Lord. Blessed are they that keep His
testimonies, and that seek Him with the whole.
heart." (Psalm cxix., 1, 2.)
!!!!! 072.txt !!!!!

Chapter IX,

THE ARRIVAL.

"NOW, me darlint mother, sure
an' I'm glad enough for to
see youI" exclaimed Barney
one day, about twelve
months after the death of
Mrs, Murphy. "And Norah
me sweet jewel! the sight of you makes me
heart jist pit-a-pat, faster than Barney's boy
can trot."

Barney was escorting his mother and sister
through Broadway at this moment. Behind
!!!!! 073.txt !!!!!
them were Mr. McCrankum senior, and the
remainder of the family ;just eleven in the
party altogether including Barney. The sharp
American boys seemed to have an impression
as they passed that tho newly arrived family's
attire was a little peculiar. Certainly it might,
have seemed to he so, for Mrs. McCrankum
wore a bright green dress, a scarlet shawl and
an amber coloured bonnet ;Norah wore a blue
dress green tippet, and mauve velvet hat. Not
in tie least did Barney care for the people's
opinion or remarks about his mother. He
knew quite well that under the green dress
and scarlet shawl, beat a heart even more
loving arid faithful than his own. Neither did
Norah's mauve velvet hat hide tile sweet
expression in the child's blue eyes, or entirely
cover up the flaxen curls her brother admired
so much. There were two other girls in the
family, dressed in similar smart style. Mr,
McCrankum, senior, was not smart. He
carried a trunk, and three umbrellas. The
!!!!! 074.txt !!!!!
boys were not smart either. They carried
trunks, and one carried a parrot in addition to
his trunk,

"Mother! father! darlint PollI" screamed
the bird from her uncovered cage.

"Och, Polly, you beauty. Sure an' tile bird
has lost none of her consate, "said Barney, as
her shrieks reached his ears." An' how old
do you reckon die is now, mother?"

"Twelve years, to he sure," replied the
mother, with a stronger accent than Barney's.
"Sure enough she was about three whin we
had her first ;and that's nine years ago."

Barney looked over his shoulders towards the
bird, and repeated her own words :"Och,
Polly, you beauty!"

"There, take that!" returned she, pecking
vehemently at tho wires of her cage. Evidently
Polly was excited and angry. Perhaps she did
not like tho fashionable Broadway so well as
the green fields of Erin.
!!!!! 075.txt !!!!!

"Polly, me darlint, "persisted Barney.

"Take that take that!" returned she, striking
her strong beak upon the wires of her cage.

"Arrah! cover the crathur up wi' yer coat
now, Jem, "said the father of the family. Jem
obeyed his father's command and walked the
remainder of the way without a coat while Polly
from tho inside of the cage, tried with a good
deal of energy to peck holes in the lining.

A dutiful son was Barney. He had faithfully.
served his master, and carefully saved his
honestly earned money, to bring his family to a
land where at least the young strong portion
of it might improve their condition and
where his affectionate nature might enjoy tho
society of his parents. Certainly, be had not
saved enough to pay for tie passage of the
whole family. But Mr. Ross had sympathized,
with him in his project, and materially helped
him. They came in a cheap manner, too. Mr,
Ross had found employment for the father, and
tho two sons next to Barney in age, before they
!!!!! 076.txt !!!!!
landed ;and there was every chance of the other
elder children obtaining suitable work if needed.
So they were all well cared for in this respect.
But the family required a good sized house to
live in. Barney did not seem to he in the least
troubled about that small item of comfort however,
for be laughed and chatted as he continued
his walk through Broadway. Evidently be had
some halting place in view. He told them
when be last wrote, that "sure enough, thin," he
would" have a corner ready to put them in,
afther the big sea" had" tumbled "them over.
It is to he hoped that the "corner" would
prove to he large enough for the wearing
apparel, the trunks, arid the parrot, in addition
to tho numerous members of the family. But
we shall see.

Florence and Murphy began to grow quite
famous for their expeditions together. We have,
said they had a habit of turning out of tile
fashionable streets of New York sometimes,
and entering the neighbourhoods where poverty.
!!!!! 077.txt !!!!!
could he found. Of late this habit had grown
upon them. Habits always strengthen as they
arc indulged. However, to this particular one
we heartily wish strength and prosperity. 1n
New York, in London, arid in numberless other
places the mansions of the rich are very near
to most squalid poverty. Just a handsome square.
it may he, lies between--a crossing, a court,
with a gin palace at the comer, and you are
face to face with misery, and perhaps vice, that
would astonish many a wealthy man and woman
who are not interested in such matters. "1nasmuch
as ye did it not to one of the least of
these, ye did it not to Me." (Matt, xxv., 42, 45.)

But Florence arid Murphy are not visitors to
the abode of poverty on the present occasion,
The abode looks exceedingly comfortable. And
they are seated, each in an arm chair, Watch
lying between them. 1n addition to the two
arm chairs, there are six others, without arms,
a strong table in the middle of the room, arid
another under the window, with blooming
!!!!! 078.txt !!!!!
plants upon it. On the principal table is a
white cloth, a large joint of cold meat, a loaf
of bread, some butter, mustard, pepper, salt,
about a dozen cups and saucers, and the same
number of knives and forks. Florence suddenly
rose and walked up to tie window.

"Do you see them, Miss Florrie?"

"No, not yet, "she returned; then suddenly
exclaimed, as she counted tho knives and forks
for the fifth time, "Why, Murphy, there are
not chairs enough in this room for them!"

"1 must fetch some more from one of the bed
rooms," replied the old man. Almost before.
be had executed this, a tramping of feet was
heard outside, a knock at the door, and Barney,
entered with his mother and sister, and on his
lips the words, with a low bow to Florence--

"1t's the masther's daughter, mother." Mrs.
McCrankum curtseyed, arid Norah did the
same. Florence shook hands with them. And
by this lime the rear members of the family
displayed their broad smiling faces.
!!!!! 079.txt !!!!!

"Caw!" shrieked the parrot in her harshest.
tones. "Caw! caw!" Watch being disturbed
by the cry walked up to the cage and tried to
look in.

"1ts a bird, honey," said one of the boys as
be removed the covering. "Watch looked deeply
interested, and went closer to the cage.

"Take that! take that!" screamed Polly,
as she attacked the bars again.

"I ask your pardon, Miss Florence," said,
Barney," for the bird's interuptin' you; she's
worried, poor crathur, wi' the journey. And if
I put her on this table wi' tie lovely flowers,
she'll he contint."

Barney lifted the cage as be spoke. And
Polly screamed, "caw! caw."

"She is a pretty creature, "said Florence;
"how did die learn that cry?"

"Sure an' tie crathur learnt it from the
rooks, me leddy," returned Mrs, McCrankum.
"Manys the lime, as I've watched her through
the windy, when she's bin out in the sunshine.
!!!!! 080.txt !!!!!
An' tile rooks would go over her head, wi' their
caw! caw! An' tho crathur would turn up
one of her pretty eyes, an' look after 'em sure.
And whin they'd ail gone, she'd cry like 'em.
An' if I tould bar not to, she'd jist scream all
tile louder, me leddy."

"Oh Polly, what a character!" said Florrie,
as she turned to see if the family were nearly
seated, adding to Murphy," Will you kindly
dispose of the luggage? Then we shall have
more room. Mrs, McCrankum, will you please
come with your daughters upstairs, and I will
show yon your bed rooms?" The out-door
attire was soon removed, and with bright faces
the parents arid children took their seats at the
table. Barney carved. Florence and Murphy
went borne. And every one of the grateful
McCrankum family declared that" the darlint
young lady was a jewel. An' the touch of her
beautiful hand was like silk ;an' if all the
furriners were like her they were all jewels.
An' sure ivery one of the McCrankum's would
!!!!! 081.txt !!!!!
he ready to run to the world's end for her, the
darlint."

1n ignorance of these warm-hearted words of
praise Florrie walked towards home. But on
her way told Murphy that she should like to
call upon the family she" became acquainted
with yesterday."

"It's a miserable place for you to enter Miss
Florrie, "said the old man. "But if you do not
mind about that, and the master does not object.
to your going inside such a place old Murphy
will not." Together, the old man and the girl,
sat beside an emaciated poverty-stricken
woman, and together they wept, as she told.
them a portion of her misery. She had come
over from England with tier husband and their
children. The husband had failed to get employment
for a long time. The children bad sickened
through semi-starvation. The husband
took to drinking. The mother worked night
and day at needlework, washing, ironing, anything,
in fact, by which she could earn a little
!!!!! 082.txt !!!!!
money. One child died, then the husband.
Now she herself was ill and half blind, without
means to get advice.

"Oh, Murphy!" exclaimed Florrie, as they.
walked home, "how can so many professing
Christians sit down comfortably and close their
eyes to tho wretchdness about their very
doors?"

"And the sin, "returned Murphy.

"Yes, tie dreadful sin! Do you not think that if
tile rich people would visit poor people more, and
show real sympathy towards them, that much of
the sin practised by them could he prevented?"

"Yes, yes, Miss Florrie dear. But before.
many of the rich people do that they must teach
themselves to do better. 1've heard say that our
own old England is a rich country, very rich:
lots of the people have wonderful fortunes there,
And 1 think that if all of them had added the
'pearl of great price' to their wealth, there
would he less work for the bankers, and fewer
struggles and trials for another class. 1t's all
!!!!! 083.txt !!!!!
very well to give a letter for an hospital but if
any one wants to win the hearts of poor folks,
they should go in and out amongst them ;and
not he ashamed to let them see the tears in their
eyes when they are told of sick children and
many other bitter trials."

"I was too young to know much about the
poverty in England when we left, "returned
Florrie, "hut mamma has often described it to
me. She says that she thinks it is still greater
in New York because so many poor things have
managed to get over here cheaply, in the hope
of improving their circumstances, arid have not
had means to travel further ;while the city itself
has not afforded them suitable employment."

"No doubt it is so, "was the reply; "and no
doubt God's blessing will go with every kind
word and action. We cant do great things, in
tho way of setting the world to-rights, but we
can do all that lies in our power to relieve the
poor in our own neighbourhood, and to speak.
kind words, and make them feel that Christians
!!!!! 084.txt !!!!!
are Christians." Florence smiled, and parted
from Murphy, for she had reached her home,

The old man went to his cottage, blessing tho
girl in his heart, while she hastened to tier
mother to tell her about the poor woman she
had visited. The struggling mother and her two
remaining children rejoiced that night over a
fire, and a good supper,

On the next day Mrs, Ross and Florrie
visited them together. They had passed through
the worst of their tribulation. Mrs, Ross and
Florrie took care that they should not want any
more. In tile gratitude of their hearts, the sick
mother arid children rejoiced, and their rejoicing
was better than medicine. They soon grew
well, and the mother gained employment.
!!!!! 085.txt !!!!!

CHAPTER X.

BARNEY'S CONTRACT.

"Plase you, ma'am, would tie
master he at liberty for me to
spake to him this morning,"
asked Barney, about six
months after the arrival,
of his parents, as be presented
himself at the door of the breakfast room.

"Certainly, Barney. Mr. Ross is in the library,
Go to him if you wish to see him."  Barney
went, and after knocking, and gaining admission,
bowed politely, and said be was "anxious to
have the master's advice about a little bit o' a
!!!!! 086.txt !!!!!
conthract be had been an' favoured himself by
entering into."

"Have you been buying some land Barney?"
asked Mr, Ross.

"Not exactly land, sir. Nor I havnt quite
closed the bargain neither. But it's as bad as
settled. An' I thought I'd jist ask yer honour's
advice." Mr, Ross smiled. It was so comical
of Barney, to "as bad "as settle a matter, and
then come to him for advice about the undertaking,
Barney continued----

"The cook is a fine slip of a girl, sir."

"What did you say?" asked Mr, Ross, bending
his head to catch the words.

"Oh, I beg yer pardon, sir ;but I mane that
she's good and han'some."

"Who is good arid handsome, Barney?"

"The cook, yer honour." Mr, Ross sat in
mute bewilderment, looking into tile face of his
servant for some moments. But getting no
explanation, be asked,

"What ever do you mean, Barney?"
!!!!! 087.txt !!!!!

"It's jist tho conthract, yer honour, I want
to spake about." Silence again. At length
Mr, Ross said--

"Are you thinking of being married?"

"That's jist the secret, sir; and I've bought.
tie ring."

"And our cook is to he your bride, is she?"

"Thrue for yer honour and a good wife
she'll he."

"I believe it, "returned the master, "and
congratulate you both with all my heart. Where
do you intend to live?"

"1n the ould place, sir, wi' Mr. Murphy, if
ye dont object."

"No, I am glad it is to he so, for the old
man would he very lonely there by himself.
And your wife will attend to his domestic
affairs, as wen as your own, I presume."

"An' she's jist the jewel that will he proud
to he a good daughter to Misther Murphy,
sir."

"I am happy to hear it. And most heartily
!!!!! 088.txt !!!!!
I wish you joy and prosperity. Above all, I pray
that tie love of God may dwell in your hearts
through life. Pray for grace that yon may 'walk
before the Lord in the land of the living,' watchfully.
faithfully, with a single eye to His glory,
You will need no other blessing."

"Many thanks to you, sir, for yer kind.
beautiful words, "returned Barney.

"But kindness does not consist in talking
merely," said Mr. Ross." I must consult my
wife about some arrangements that will, if
possible make your wedding day more pleasant.
Of course you will wish to spend it with your.
own family?"

"My mother and father would he in grief,
sure, if I didn't. And little Norah's to he a
bridesmaid, and Katey, the next girl, is to he
the other, an' Misther Murphy's to give my
Ellen ray to me."

"Capital arrangement so far. But you have.
never taken a holiday for any length of time
since you have boon with me. I will supply
!!!!! 089.txt !!!!!
you with means, if you will take a wedding
trip for a fortnight."

"But the boy yer honour! Who's to dhrive
him?"

"Oh," said Mr. Ross laughing," you had
better take him with you, 1 think. You and
be are inseparables. But, really, I did not
think of tile boy when I spoke. I do not feel
disposed to venture out with him in charge of
a strange driver again. How is it that no one
but yourself can manage him Barney?"

"Because sure, sir, they dont try. They
jist get in a passion, and bate him when be's
scared at a bit o' paper or a puddle and think
they'll master him so grand. An' whin they
do, be's sure to fly off, jist mad with fright and
pain. Poor baste! And the touch of his
master's hand, an' jist a word or two from a
voice that be knows, will bring him to at once,
and save the runnin' away and the breakin' o'
tie carriage, and the nate throwin' o' the
coachman into the road, an' the like."
!!!!! 090.txt !!!!!

"I quite agree with you, Barney. And I
think your boy shall he turned into a meadow
to take a holiday also until you return. We
will give both the horses a treat, and do without.
the carriage for a fortnight. I am sure Mrs,
Ross will he agreeable. But you know it will
require some pains on your part to bring them
into working order after their rest."

"Oh that's nothing, yer honour, nothing.
But I feel yer kindness intirely. Yer kinder
than I deserve, an' I thank ye wi' my heart."

"When is the wedding day to take place
Barney?"

"Sure, sir, an' Ellen hasnt given notice to
leave to tile mistress. An' we thought we'd like
to make it convanient to her. May he the misthress
won't he able to find a cook directly. An'
Ellen wont leave till one comes."

"That as kind of her. Well, we must talk it
over together, and although I am sure Mrs,
Ross will he sorry to lose her cook, she will use
all means in her power to procure another, so
!!!!! 091.txt !!!!!
that your wedding shall not he delayed on her
account."

Barney departed. And the day soon arrived.
for" Misther Murphy to give Ellen away to
him."

The carriage was covered up in the coach-house.
and tile horses were turned out to
enjoy the green meadow from morning till night.

There was rejoicing in tho McCrankum home,
over the marriage of the eldest son. Kind
words and deeds from the Ross family and a
happy wedding tour for tho bride and bridegroom.
!!!!! 092.txt !!!!!
CHAPTER XI.

"THE ENTRANCE OF THY WORD GIVETH LIGHT."

The" conthract" between
Misther Barney and Ellen.
proved to he a good one,
arid added materially to the
comfort of Murphy, as
Barney had predicted,

Pleasantly tile days passed in the cottage.
The family had but one real care and that was,
that Mr. and Mrs. McCrankum, senior, blindly.
insisted upon avowing that" sure the praste
could give absolution."
!!!!! 093.txt !!!!!

"Mother, me jewel," said Barney one day,
"the dear Saviour said Himself, to His disciples---not
to the prastes, for they had none---'Search
tho Scriptures.' An' I've done it, sure. An'
sat up at night to do the same. An' I cant
find anything in all the New Testament about
the praste giving absolution---listen." Barney
drew a Bible from his pocket as be spoke.

"Away wi' ye, Barney! What would yer father
say, sure, to yer reading the Bible, as can't he
understood by the likes o' yon. Sure enough
ye've turned heretic, boy! Away wi' ye now.
An' look at that young Norah listenin' to your
words." Barney glanced at the child, her pretty
eyes were fixed earnestly upon him. Katie, the
girl next in age, was watching and listening too,
A tap at the door. And in less than a minute,
Mrs, McCrankum welcomed Florence and
Murphy.

"1 have just called to ask how you are, Mrs.
McCrankum," said Florence.

"We're all well and thank ye, me leddy.
!!!!! 094.txt !!!!!
An' blessings on yer beautiful face. Katie, two
chairs quick! An' don't he afther standin' still
an' starin,' whin ye ought to he makin' yer
curchey."

In some trepidation, Katie placed two chairs.
near Florence and Murphy, and made two
curtseys, not of the most graceful kind. Barney
made a low bow, and said,

"I want me mother to hear a word or two
out of the Bib1e, Miss Floarance, an' we was jist
a discussin' about it whin ye knocked. Me
mother says it's a sin for ignorant people to read
the beautiful book. An' die says that if we
want pardon, we must confess to the praste, an'
get it." The young 1rishman looked imploringly
at Florence, and from her to Murphy,

"Will yon allow me to read a few words to
you from the Bible, Mrs, McCrankum?" asked
the young lady.

"Kathleen McCrankum could niver refuse to
hear your lovely voice, sure, "was the reply.
And almost before permission was given by his
!!!!! 095.txt !!!!!
mother Barney had handed his Bible to
Florence, with another bow." Be off wi' ye,
childerI" said the mother to Katie and Norah.
"Ye're not wanted here at ail."

"Do let them remain here, Mrs, McCrankum,"
pleaded Florence. The warm hearted woman.
really loved and admired Florence exceedingly.
So her request was granted, with the command.
that they were" jist to go an' look out o' the
windy while the leddy talked, an' not keep
lookin' at her, with their saucy, starin' eyes."
Mrs, McCrankum had a double reason, however,
for trying to divert their attention. She was
highly prejudiced against the teaching about to
he administered to herself, although she would
not refuse to receive it from her favourite
Florence. And she wished them to remain in
ignorance of its purport. But while Katie and
Norah looked out of tie window, they heard
Florence read words of truth about the" High
Priest of our profession, Christ Jesus, "who is
"able to save them to the uttermost that come
!!!!! 096.txt !!!!!
unto God BY HIM, seeing He ever liveth to
make intercession for them." And those words
went home to their hearts, although they made
no comment on them just then,

"With such a High Priest we need no other,"
remarked Florence quietly.

Murphy drew tho back of his hand across his
eyes. He was thinking of the snowdrops, and
wondering how much farther their lesson would.
spread. From Sunshine in dear old England
to himself, next to his beloved wife, (who had
gone over to" wait for him,") then to Barney.
And now, through Barney's anxiety, the sweet.
"old story"---or rather most precious old truth--was
being told in the ears of three other persons,
who, in God's own time, be prayed might feel
its beauty and priceless worth.

"Me darlint leddyI" exclaimed Mrs. McCrankum.
"Ye're like an angel sure!" Norah.
slipped away from her place at the window.
and shy1y crept nearer to Florence, with
her eyes fixed thoughtfully upon tho young
!!!!! 097.txt !!!!!
lady's face. After Murphy had added his
testimony to that of Florence, in his own simple
manner, they departed. And when Katie arid
Norah were left alone, they held a conversation
together, which resulted in tho declaration, on
both sides, that" Miss Floarance knew better
than the prastes." And that "Barney knew
better too." And that it was "kind an' lovely.
of the Lord Jesus Christ to come down from
heaven, and he crucified for the world." And
added Katie.

"I'll jist ask Barney to tell me more about
Him, and read to me out of the Bible."
!!!!! 098.txt !!!!!




CHAPTER XII,

MEETING AT THE GRAVE,


A few years roll by, and
again we find business summoning.
Mr, Ross to England.
This time however,
Mrs, Ross and Florence
decided to accompany him.
When all preparations were made, and the
hour for starting bad arrived, Murphy and
Watch saw tho family go on board. The
ponderous steamer was released from her
moorings, and she began to cleave her way
through the water.  Florence stood on deck,
!!!!! 099.txt !!!!!
waving her handkerchief. And as the vessel
receded from Murphy's view, be flourished his
hat over his head with one hand, while be
stroked the beautiful bead of the dog with the
other Watch bad raised himself upon his
hind-feet and placed his fore-feet on an old
boat, that be, too, might see the last wave of the
handkerchief,

Away away, the steamer darted, from the
huge Continent, with its gigantic rivers and
mountains, and its bold wild scenery, to tho
little home-land on the other side. And is it
made its way, and our passengers could see
nothing but a wondrous expanse of water
beneath and around, and far off sky above, it
was no wonder that their thoughts should revert
to their native 1sland. Long, long before they
reached it, they heard in imagination its cattle
lowing, arid sheep bells tinkling. They saw its
cosy homes, where so many mothers found
their constant joy in strengthening tie hands
and hearts of their husbands and bringing up
!!!!! 100.txt !!!!!
their children in the" nurture and admonition
of tie Lord."

*****

The last words from Mr. Ross to Murphy were--"1
will he sure to attend to your child's grave."

Accordingly, as soon as tie old home was
reached, his promise was fulfilled. The family,
visited their own home first ;the pond and the
willow looked precisely as they had done years
before. 1n the churchyard they found the
grave. Mr. Ross examined it, and as Mrs,
Ross was tired, she sat there with Florence,
while be went away to speak to some workmen
concerning it. Scarcely had be left the churchyard
when a voice was heard singing. They
listened. 1t was as ringing and clear as a child's
voice, though its power and fulness were that of
a woman's. Distinctly they heard the words--

"Nor voice can sing, nor heart can frame.
Nor can the memory find,
A sweeter sound than Thy blest name,
Oh! Saviour of mankind."
!!!!! 101.txt !!!!!
[Illustration]

"A ROSY MAIDEN..........WAS SEEN APPROACHING."--Page 107,
!!!!! 102.txt !!!!!
[Blank Page]
!!!!! 103.txt !!!!!
Again and again, with unmistakeable feeling,
the words were repeated.

"It is the voice of a girl, I think, "said Mrs.
Ross, as she looked round, but perceived no
one. The next moment a rosy maiden, apparently,
a little younger than Florence, was seen
approaching. A large hat shaded her round
pleasant face ;and in her hand was a basket
of fresh gathered flowers. She looked startled,
and ceased to sing, when she saw strangers:
then appeared disposed to turn back, bat altered
her mind and kneeling down beside the very
grave Mr, and Mrs. Ross had come to inspect,
commenced to decorate it, with the flowers die
had brought, saying, as she did so,--

"1 didn't know that any ladies were here,
ma'am. I am only just a-goin' to put a few
fresh flowers on this grave."

"Pray do not let us prevent you doing so,"
returned Mrs. Ross. "We shall he glad if you
let us see how yon place them."

The rosy face grew more rosy and a set of
!!!!! 104.txt !!!!!
white teeth were displayed, as their owner
said,

"Thank you, ma'am, "and went on with her
pleasing task.

"You surely cannot remember the little girl
who is buried there?" said Mrs. Ross enquiringly,
as she watched tie busy fingers.

"No, ma'am, but 1 remember her father."

"IndeedI"

"Yes I do, "with a slight quiver in the voice.
"Yes I do, "she repeated, as she tied some
lilies of the valley and a blush rose together,
with a piece of striped grass.

"So do I, "was the quiet answer.

"Do you, ma'amI" returned the girl eagerly,
adding, "I liked him very much when be lived
here ;that's why I bring flowers for this grave."

"You would like him quite as well if yon
knew him now."

"Do you know him, ma'am?"

"Yes quite well."

"But be went to America with a gentleman
!!!!! 105.txt !!!!!
called Mr. Ross that used to live in a large
house here." Evidently the girl did not imagine
it possible that tie lady before her had ever
travelled so far as America and back, so she
seemed to conclude it was a mistake :it could
not he her Mr. Murphy that she knew.

"Mrs. Murphy went with him, "she continued.

"Yes."

"And I did hear that she was dead."

"She is dead. But she trusted in the Saviour.
and loved Him ;so now she enjoys eternal life
with Him."

The busy fingers became idle and the bright
eyes were fixed upon the face of Mrs. Ross,

"That's what be taught me, ma'am, and
that's why I remember him. I taught him to
read the Bible because I went to school and
knew how; and be used to talk to me about the
Saviour."

"Then while you were teaching him to read,
be was the means of making you love what you
and be read together."
!!!!! 106.txt !!!!!
"Yes, ma'am."

"Do you live at borne with your parents?"

"They are dead. Father died when I was a
little child and mother died after Mr. Murphy
went away. I live with my aunt. She lets me
come and bring flowers here very often. She
wants to put me out to service, only she cant
bear of a situation."

"Have you no brothers nor sisters?"

"No, ma'am."

"Would you like to go to America, and take
a situation near to Mr, Murphy?"

"Oh, I should! but that can't he, it's too
far away. And 1 think America's a big place;
perhaps if I went I should not he able to find
him."

At that moment, Mr, Ross was seen coming
towards the group. The girl looked steadily at
him until be drew near, then suddenly exclaimed,

"Squire RossI"

"My name is Ross, too, "said the lady, "and
this is our daughter."
!!!!! 107.txt !!!!!
"What, Miss Florence! that Mr. Murphy,
so often used to tell me about?"

"Yes, the same. We have just come from.
America; Mr. Murphy is quite well, and will.
he delighted to hear what you have just told
me."

The girl dropped her basket and stood for
some moments like one petrified ;then picked
it up, arid said,--

"I beg your pardon for being so bold.
ma'am. I never thought I was talking to Mrs,
Ross and Miss Florence."

1ron rails were placed round the grave;
it was fresh turfed, and the head-stone renovated.
Afterwards, Mr, Ross attended to the
business about which be had come to England,
and in due course of time the family returned.
They had an addition, however, in the rosy
English maiden, who gladly assented to a proposal.
which they made to tier, to go back with
them as their servant.

They found that hers was not" eye-service,"
!!!!! 108.txt !!!!!
she was faithful in every particular. Evidently.
the love of God was" shed abroad in her
heart." Young as she was Christianity was
the rule of her life :and that is saying a great
deal for her. She proved a treasure to them on
their passage, and a greater treasure still when
they reached the land where "helps "are not
famous for helping.

Once more Barney and his horses awaited
the arrival of the steamer from England ;and
delighted was be when he returned through
Broadway with the family safely seated in the
carriage. With what a flourish did be drive up
to tie door of his master's house! and how
proudly" the boy" and his companion horse
champed their bits, arid tossed their sleek heads,
while they stood to allow tile party to alight!

Barney said," The beautiful crathurs knew
all about it, sure. An' didn't they turn their.
lovely heads an' whinny while they heard the
masther's voice agin. Sure, they knew be'd
bin out, an' they knew be'd come home."
!!!!! 109.txt !!!!!
When Barney reached home, be exclaimed to
his wife," Now, me jewel, she is come, sure!"

"Who?" asked Ellen,

"Why, a new lady's-maid from England.
An' she's a'most is han'some as you are yourself.
Wi' two big, bright eyes; an' two cheeks.
like rosy apples ;an' two rows of teeth as
white as the pearl buttons on yer clane purty
cuffs now." And Barney lifted his wife's
hand, to shew[**show?] her the pearl buttons on her
"clane purty cuffs," as if she had never seen
them before.

"Where have you left father?" asked Ellen.
They always called Murphy "father "now.

"Sure, I left him at the masther's, having.
his tea wi' the new jewel from England---it's
Martha, her name is---and whin she wint into
the house first of all, 1 niver saw anybiddy so
glad and sorry-looking at the same time before.
in all me life, is the poor ould man was. He
shook both her hands at one an' tile same minnit,
and thin, I thought be'd faint, sure! for
!!!!! 110.txt !!!!!
be jist sat down on a chair, and looked like a
sheet o' writing paper. An' tho mistress
happened to step in jist thin, an' she looked
scared at the first sight o' him all white an'
tremblin'. An' she jist opened the windy, an'
bathed his head wi' bar own two purty white
hands, till be got better an' lively agin. An'
1 heard her whisper to the young girl--'He is
overjoyed at seeing you here, be will soon be
better.'

"But----" continued Barney, while his
usually merry face clouded,

"But what, Barney?"

"Well, niver mind, me darlint, niver mind,
He's glad enough to see her, an' hear tie news
as she brings him. An' I'll tell you all about
it, whin we sit down to tea. It's the beautiful
snowdrops over agin. They're jist puttin' on
new blossoms all the time. But the first one is
dying off, sure, that's plain to me ;an' it's no
use to he pinin' an' frettin' about it. But we'll
miss him, sure! We'll miss himI"
!!!!! 111.txt !!!!!
"What do you mean Barney?" asked his
wife. As she spoke she looked up, and perceived
that be was really grieved; and at once
comprehended tie whole matter. Murphy was
growing very feeble, and Barney thought be
would soon die.

"We shall miss him, "she returned, "when
he goes ;but perhaps God will not take him so
soon as you think. And let him die whenever
he may, he will he 'for ever with the Lord.'
So we must try and not fret though he is
getting weak and worn."

Ellen seated herself at tho tea-table as she
spoke ;and Barney related to her the history of
Martha Stanley, so far as fee had heard it from
herself and Murphy, in the few minutes be had
just spent with them at his master's house.
!!!!! 112.txt !!!!!
CHAPTER X1II.

THE OLD MAN RESTS.

Months have passed since
Martha's arrival from England
with the Ross family:
arid now sweet spring is
sending out bar heralds
in the form of early flowers,
and transient bursts of sunshine. The streets
are all life and bustle showing that the spring
trade is setting in, and last, not least to many
persons in New York, tho shop windows are
filled with light dresses for the coming season.

Our old friend is rejoicing very much over
!!!!! 113.txt !!!!!
HIS dress. It is a splendid one truly ;and so
costly that were it not already purchased for
him, the crown jewels of England, the Koh-i-nor
arid the Shah of Persia's gems together,
would he insufficient to secure it. It fits
perfectly ;not only on him, but on every one
who will accept it," without money and without
price." But we will pay him a visit. At
this moment be seems to be the sole occupant
of a pretty bed room. A large easy chair in
which be is seated, is drawn near the window.
Beside him is a little table ;and upon it, a
white card, imprinted on which in black letters,
are the words;

"Jesu, Thy blood and righteousness.
My beauty are, my glorious dress:
Midst flaming worlds in these arrayed,
With joy shall 1 lift up my head.

"When from tho dust of death I rise
To claim my mansion in the skies,
E'en then, shall this he all my plea
Jesus hath lived and died for me.
!!!!! 114.txt !!!!!
"This spotless robe tie same appears
When ruined nature sinks in years:
No age can change its lovely hue:
It's glory is for ever new."

Ah! then it is an invisible dress! Yet, not
quite so either ;for the calm, happy light in
tie eyes dimmed by age, tells plainly of the
"peace of God "dwelling in the heart. We
can read in that placid face an expression which.
says;

"The Lord is my Shepherd:
I shall not want.
He maketh me to lie down in green pastures;
He 1eadeth me beside the still waters."

Yes, be is walking along with his feeble,
time-worn hand clasped in the mighty, tender.
hand of God. Not looking behind him or
beneath his feet for causes of danger ;but
simply" looking off unto Jesus, the author and
finisher of faith."

A blue-eyed, flaxen-haired little girl enters
the room with the words," Good mornin',
!!!!! 115.txt !!!!!
Misther Murphy. Me mother's respects to you.
an' will yer plase 'xcept this little jar of
preserved fruit?"

Murphy kissed the child, arid expressed his
thanks for tier mother's kindness. The little
one was Barney's sister, Norah. Mrs, McCrankum
knew that Murphy had no actual need of
any kind ;but this was the warm-hearted
woman's way of showing her gratitude arid
sympathy. And die seemed to overlook the
fact that she was displaying it towards one who
was styled by her church" a heretic." Indeed
her views respecting heresy were changing.

Nearly three years had passed since she,
with her husband and family had landed in
New York, and during that tune Barney and
others had very often prayed for her that she
might see and embrace" the truth." Forcible
passages of Scripture had boon put before her,
and she had pondered over them and felt their
weight. But we return to Norah.

"An' will you he too tired to talk this
!!!!! 116.txt !!!!!
mornin', Misther Murphy?" The pretty blue
eyes were lifted to his face with an earnest
expression.

"That all depends, little darling, upon what,
you want me to talk about. 1 am never too tired
to talk about some things."

"Plase to talk about anything you like thin.
sir."

"Well, I'll talk about God's love and care.
Norah. But first listen while I tell you of
something which I saw when I lived in old
England. Somehow I remember things that
happened years ago there better than I do the
things which have happened since I have lived
in New York,

"I knew a park which was owned by a rich
gentleman who had a fancy for foreign birds---I
mean waterfowl. There was plenty of
ornamental water about the place, and it was
well stocked with all sorts of beautiful birds. A
pair of these strayed from their home, and took
tip their abode in a pond belonging to another
!!!!! 117.txt !!!!!
gentleman's estate in the neighbourhood; this,
pond had lots of reeds arid rushes all round the
banks, and a great many wild plants grew there
too. The birds could hide themselves amongst
these when anyone was about ;but when all was
still, and no one to he seen, they would come out
and swim. One day, when 1 was weeding some
flower-beds at a little distance, out came tile
mother bird with three little ones. Of course
die did not know I was there, or she would not
have ventured. They were like pretty balls of
down ;and it was astonishing how well they
swam. But it was plain enough that this was
not their first attempt at swimming. She did
not seem very anxious about them either, until
they reached the middle of the pond ;then I
noticed that one of the three was weaker and
smaller than the others; and it began to call.
and pine, poor little thing, in its way. In a
moment the mother began to bustle about and
answer it. Then she lifted one wing a little :the
young one darted underneath ;and she, with it
!!!!! 118.txt !!!!!
propped up somehow safe and comfortable and
tho other two swimming behind her, made
for tile bank. When she reached it, they all disappeared
together amongst the reeds and rushes."

"An' did she get it safe home?" eagerly asked
Norah,

"Safe home! Yes, to he sure she did. Trust
her for that, my little one."

"What a darlint mother she was thin, to he
after liftin' tile jewel o' a bird and carryin' it along
so beautiful whin it was tired." The old man
smiled as be said, "HE shall cover thee with His
feathers, and under His wings shalt thou trust."

"An' what does that mane, Misther Murphy?"

"It means that tile great God is loving and
tender, more so than a mother, to all His children.
guiding and supporting them as watchfully as
that mother-bird did her young. Only He is so
much fonder aye, and so much stronger."

"It was the same One who sent His darlint
Son to die for us, wasnt it, sir?"

"Yes, the same One, the same One, "re-*
!!!!! 119.txt !!!!!
*peated the old man, as though be loved to
dwell upon the words." Oh, yes, it is the same
One. 'God is love,' arid Jesus is 'the same
yesterday, to-day,[**Added hyphen.] and for ever.'" Evidently
be was thinking aloud, for his words meant far
more than the little child beside him could he
expected to understand. But Norah caught at
the word "Jesus, "and asked Murphy to tell
tier about some of the things that He did when
He lived on tho earth. Murphy drew her close
to his side and told her the" sweet story" of the
Saviour's life and death in simple words which
were easily understood. Then came a pause,
The old man was evidently in deep thought,
Presently, be continued--

"And soon these dim old eyes shall see Him,
Yes, see Him! And I am so glad. You cannot
tell bow glad I am at the prospect of going
home. Your young limbs are so active, and you
are so full of life. Oh no, you cannot tell how glad
I feel about it." Then taking the child's fair.
rosy cheeks in his withered palms, be said--
!!!!! 120.txt !!!!!
"God bless you, little Norah! arid make you
His own child, for Christ's sake."

"I always pray straight to God, arid ask Him
to, when I go to bed at night. Barney taught
me that."

"What do you say when you pray?"

"I say 'Our Father' all through; an' thin I say.

"Gentle Jesus meek and mild
Look upon a little child.
Pity my si'plicity
Suffer me to come to thee. Amen."

"And doesn't your mother object to your.
praying like that?"

"No sir, me mother comes an' hears me say it
ivery night ;and thin she kisses me, and tucks me
up in bed." Murphy smiled, but said nothing,

"Good bye Misther Murphy, an' thank ye,
sir. Me mother said I musnt stay too long to
make you tired."

"You'll remember what I have just told you,
Norah, wont you?"

"Sure, I'll niver, niver forget it."
!!!!! 121.txt !!!!!

"And if they tell you soon that I am no
longer living, you musn't grieve ;because God
holds me safe, and He will surely take me to a
beautiful home, where I shall never feel pain and
sorrow any more."

"I'll try and not cry, "said Norah, while the
tears were running down her cheeks.

"Remember tho mother-bird, little one."

"Sure I do. And you said God was like that.
only so much better. An' I s'pose He'll just.
take an' lift you away, soft and kind, like die
did tie pretty bird that was weak." The old
man smoothed the child's hair, but his eyes were.
fixed upon the clear, blue sky,

"Wont He, Misther Murphy?" and she
stroked the back of his hand." Won't He now?"

"Yes, my darling, yes. He will lift me away,
'soft and kind,' as you say. Oh yes, gently.
enough! that He will."

"Good afternoon, sir," said Norah, who had
been bravely trying to hide her tears, and found.
that retreat was her only means of doing so.
!!!!! 122.txt !!!!!

"Good bye, Norah ;God bless you!" She
never saw Murphy again, for that evening, when.
the sun was going down, all who bad long and
tenderly cared for him gathered about his bed.
Martha Stanley was among them. And naturally.
enough, she seemed to he an object of
special interest and affection to him. Was she
not his own chi1d in the faith? After lying still
for some time, be opened his eyes, fixed them
upon her, and said.

"1 pray that God will keep you close to
Himself, ray child, as long as you live." His
voice failed, and the girl bowed her head upon.
his pillow as she said;--

"For Jesus Christ's sake Amen." A
touch from Mrs, Ross caused her to raise herself,
but the beloved friend who had taught bar
to offer her petitions in tile name of Jesus, had
departed to he with Him.

"Oh death, where is thy sting?
Oh grave, where is thy victory?"
!!!!! 123.txt !!!!!
CHAPTER XIV.

HOME AGAIN.

Two uneventful years passed,
after tho death of Murphy,
then brave Watch died.
With his beautiful head
resting upon tie lap of his
young mistress, who had
seated herself on the hearth-rug beside him, be
c1osed his eyes for the last time, apparently
without pain. Florence sat there weeping over
him for some minutes ;then Mr. Ross said,--

"Do not grieve so, ray child! You have one
great comfort in tie matter. You have not to
!!!!! 124.txt !!!!!
reproach yourself with careless or unkind
treatment of tile poor old dog at any time in
his life."

"I should feel sorry indeed, papa, now I see
Watch dead before me, if I bad ever treated
him ill. Good Watch! Noble WatchI" And
Florence smoothed the glossy head of the
animal as she spoke, then gently removed it
from her lap and took her seat beside her papa.
who said as she did so;--

"'Are not two sparrows sold for a farthing?
and one of them shall not fall to the ground.
without your Father.' Remember, dear Florrie.
the God who marks the fall of a sparrow, holds.
tile breath of every living creature in His
mighty hand ;when 'He takes away their
breath they she,' and only then."

Old Watch was home from the room as
tenderly is though the still handsome but rigid
limbs could feel every touch, and Barney laid
him gently in his grave. After be had done so
be stepped in home and said to his wife,
!!!!! 125.txt !!!!!

"Sure, 1've a consate about that grave. I'll
jist keep it illigant and plant some snowdrops
on it. For it's asy to see that the dog, and the
jewel o' a young lady, an' Murphy, an' tie
snowdrops, are somehow twisted togither in me
head." Barney's wife could hardly see tie
gist of her husband's remark at first. But she
did not ask for explanation, lest it should increase
her bewilderment. She thought for a
few moments, arid arrived at the conclusion
that there was in her husband's mind a link
of association between Florrie and her snowdrops.
tie rescue from the pond, and so on.
She was tight. But it was easier for Barney
to say "twisted togither "than associated.

*****

Beautiful snowflakes are falling. Icicles
hang from the eaves of many of old England's
cottages. Ruddy school children hurry over
their morning meal that they may rush out
of doors and greet each other with volleys of
snow balls.
!!!!! 126.txt !!!!!

"Hurrah! I have caught you!" shouts a
boy, as be delightedly sees another shake the
snow from his jacket, and scramble to prepare
a return snow-ball still larger than the one be
had just received.

"I'll tell ray mother if you throw one at me,
I will," cries one, a little girl, as she rapidly
retreats.

"Who is going to snowball a girl?" returns,
the boy, as be flings another double hand-full
at his masculine play-fellow,

Thus they beguile the tune and forget the
cold, until a gentleman is seen approaching:
and the watch-word goes from mouth to mouth---"Here's
tile master! Here's the master!"
And at tho Master's heels they enter the schoolhouse.

Now the short winter day as waning. The
boys at the school have passed their Christmas.
examination, and the one who was too manly
to snowball a girl has gained a handsome prize
for general good conduct arid application. And
!!!!! 127.txt !!!!!
as be carries it proudly along the road from
school to show his mother, two or three of his
schoolfellows join him, and suddenly they are
attracted by a bright light coming from the
windows of a large house, which lies back in an
oak-fenced enclosure,

"Look here, Charlie!" cries one in a half
whisper, half shout." Look through that window,
isn't it nice to he them?"

"What are they doing?" enquires Charlie,
as be peers over the fence, and through the
bare branches of tho laburnums into the cheerful
room where a large fire as burning.

"I wonder they dont draw the blinds
down?" remarks tho first speaker.

"Perhaps they would if they knew we
were looking at them," returns Charlie,
adding, "why, dont you know who they are,
Tom?"

"Not I. Do you?"

"Of course I do. My mother knew them
before you were born, or me either."
!!!!! 128.txt !!!!!

"One two, three, four. There are four of
them," said Tom,

"Yes. That is tho master and missis, and
the young lady arid her husband."

"Do they ail live there together?"

"Why you must have been asleep Tom!
Havn't you seen that house that is being built.
a stone's throw down tie road?"

"Yes, of course. But what of that?"

"Why it's for them, to he sure. The young
lady and her husband, 1 mean. She was born
in this house that we are looking at ;and they
have been living in America ever so many
years. And she was married just before they
left there. They are very rich too and used to
do a lot of good when they lived here before."

"How old are you, Charlie?"

"Fourteen last birthday. What do yon
mean?"

"Why you are so wise. Anybody wou1d
think you bad known these gentry before they
went away."
!!!!! 129.txt !!!!!

"Well, my mother has told me all about
them that's how I know."

"What is their name?"

"Why the name is Ross. But I dont know
tie young lady's name now she's married. I
have heard tier husband is a doctor."

After this conversation the school-boys trudged
home. We will not follow them. We will enter
the room where sit Mr. and Mrs. Ross Florence
and her husband. It is only twelve months
since Watch died, and six months since Florrie's
wedding. Mr, Ainsley, her husband, is a
gentleman in every way worthy of her,---as
devoted and consistent a Christian as she as
herself. With such a friend and companion
through life, she cannot fail to he happy. And
persons so we1l matched, both leaning upon
God for strength always, cannot fail to spread
happiness around them. The "peace of God"
in their own hearts, sends them forth, yearning.
to draw others to the same blessed resting-place,
at the feet of Jesus. But we enter the room,
!!!!! 130.txt !!!!!

"I must go and ask Barney whether it as
advisable to take the horses out in the morning,"
said Mr. Ross." I must get to London somehow;
bat I fear the roads are too slippery to
allow us to drive." Away walked the gentleman.
to his servant's house inside tho grounds, and
in reply to his master's query respecting the
safety of the roads, Barney said.

"Sure yer honour, I'll get the jewels roughshod.
an' I'1l drive them as careful as me wife
steps about whin I am ill. They'll he as tinder
as a lady's hand, them beauties will, if they are
kept in out o' ivery bit o' snow and ice." In
tie morning, when Barney was starting to
London with his master, be remarked: "Sure,
the boy got more knowinger ivery day be got
oulder," adding, "I tould him last night that
be must go out in the mornin,' and he jist gave
a little, soft neigh, an' rubbed his head agin me
shoulder, the darlint! as much as to say.

'Sure an' I'll go if ye'll go wi' me, masther?'
Thrue for him, the beauty! He'd thry to swim
!!!!! 131.txt !!!!!
across the big sea to New York wi' me if I
asked him." Safely enough Barney brought his
master and the horses borne that day. And
when the evening came on, and the family was
nearly ready to retire, the servants were summoned
as usual for evening prayer.

Amongst them came rosy Martha Stanley and
flaxen-haired Norah McCrankum. Norah loved
bar father and mother dearly. Still she had chosen
to accept Florrie's invitation to come to England
!!!!! 132.txt !!!!!
with her as her waiting-maid. And the
promise was given to Mrs, McCrankum before
they left America that should the girl wish to
return at any time, she should at once he sent.
Mr, Ross commenced reading the Scripture portion
for the evening, in the first Epistle of John.
third chapter arid first verse. "Behold what
manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon
us, that we should he called the sons of God."

When Florrie was haying her hair arranged
by Norah before retiring to rest she perceived
tears in tier waiting-maid's eyes.

"What is amiss Norah?" she asked, kindly.

"I was thinkin', me leddy, about tile chapter
that tie masther read about the 'sons of God,'
an' how happy it is to he a real child of God!"

"But do you not feel that you are a child of
God, Norah?"

"I feel, me leddy, that I can jist walk along.
wi' me hand in His, an' me eyes lookin' straight
up to Him, an' tell Him all that's in me heart
like 1 would tell me own mother."
!!!!! 133.txt !!!!!

"I am thankful to hear you say so, Norah,
And your mother,---do you think she has the
same confidence?"

"The very last words me mother said to me
whin 1 left her in America were, 'Norah me
honey! I love yer wi' all me heart. An' I
wouldnt advise yer to do a thing that would
hurt yer. An' I tell yer to keep fast hold o' tie
Misthress' taychin': an' Miss Florrie's, an'
Barney's. For it's right, an' I know it. An
remember, honey, that while your jist sayin' your
prayers to God through the Lord Jesus, and
puttin' all your trust in Him, an' rading the
blessed Book for yourself in England ;your
mother will he doin' the same thing in America.
An' He'll listen to us both, though tie big sea
rolls betwane us."

"And do you think your father believes in
the truth?"

"I jist believe, ma'am, be's trusting the same
way as mother, only be's so quiet-like about it.
An' Katy, the darlint! I know well enough,
!!!!! 134.txt !!!!!
what die thinks. Many an' many's the hour
Katy an' I have read tile Bible togither. An'
Katy found the truth in it as plain as 1 did. An'
she believes it too."

After Norah had left her, Florence went to
bar mother's dressing-room and repeated to her
the conversation that had just passed. As die
ceased speaking, Mrs. Ross remarked.

"The words of truth that first, under God.
touched the heart of Murphy, came from your.
lips,---from Murphy the teaching and influence
reached his wife and Martha Stanley,---then
extended to Barney,---from Barney to his mother
and sisters,--and doubtless, in God's good time.
the whole of that family will he made the subjects
of it. How far it may spread from them as
altogether beyond our power to tell. Oh, Florrie.
ray child, a word fitly spoken for Jesus, or an
act of kindness done in His name, brings forth
'an hundredfold' more often than we are apt to
think. The grain of wheat in tho 'good ground'
brings forth its ear, tile ear sheds its accumulated
!!!!! 135.txt !!!!!
grains, and in process of time, if we could trace
tho growing increase, we should find a glorious
harvest from that tiny seedling."

We do not often trace these things arid watch
their progress year after year. But He whose
"eyes behold, "and "whose eye-lids try the children
of men, "takes account. It is all graven in
a rock---as it were--by His mighty hand. And
such service is well-pleasing in His sight, even
though it he the effort of the veriest little one.

"And they that he wise shall shine as the
brightness of the firmament; and they that turn.
many to righteousness is the stars for ever and
ever."

But to conclude our story. Shortly after this
the members of the household retired to sleep,
"Behold He that keepeth 1srael shall neither
slumber nor sleep." And resting upon Him.
we leave them.
!!!!! 136.txt !!!!!
[Blank Page]
!!!!! 137.txt !!!!!
SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION,

GIFTS PRESENTS, REWARDS,

ELEGANTLY BOUND BOOKS, Etc., Etc,

THE QUEEN OF PICTURE BOOKS,
Containing upwards of One Hundred and Fifty Fu1l-page
Illustrations. Crown 4to., cloth boards bevelled and richly
gilt, 5s.

Public Opinion says:---"'The Queen of Picture Books' richly deserves its
title. The pictures are admirable and the brief reading matter to each
just sufficient to excite the attention of the young and to form a text to
supply further instruction to the youthful enquirer after more."

MEN WORTH IMITATING; or, Brief.
Sketches of Noble Lives. By W. H. GROSER, B.Sc, Author
of "Facts and Fancies, "&c, &c. Crown 8vo., cloth
boards, 2s,

"The Sunday School Union is rich in the possession of Mr, Groser, who
writes better each time be uses his pen."--Sword and Trowel.

WOMEN  WORTH EMULATING. By
CLARA LUCAS BALFOUR. Crown 8vo., cloth boards, 2s,

"This work contains biographical sketches of eminent women, written by
a lady, herself not unknown to fame, and forms an excellent gift-book for
an elder girl."
!!!!! 138.txt !!!!!
THE HERMIT OF LIVRY ;A Tale of the
Days of Calvin. By Emma Leslie. Crown 8vo., cloth,
gilt edges, 3s. 6d.

"A story of a most interesting character. Miss Leslie may he said to
have produced a work that cannot fall to enchant the reader, and, at the
same time, extend her already high reputation."--Western Daily Mercury,

"Readers who might fail to he attracted by a life of Calvin, will be led to
take an interest in the subject by the manner in which it is presented in
this instructive and entertaining work."---Daily Chronicle.

AGATHA'S TRUST, AND HOW SHE
KEPT IT. By Julia Chandler. Crown 8vo., cloth.
boards, gilt edges, 2s. 6d.

"It is prettily illustrated, and the story itself is very neatly and simple.
told. It should he popular."--Scotsman.

"An exce1lent narrative, in which many valuable lessons are taught.
Calculated to form character, and quicken it by usefulness. Appropriately
illustrated, and will he a suitable reward book."--Christian Age.

ETT1E KNOTT; or, Silver Lined Clouds.
By Winter Daisy. Foolscap 8vo., cloth boards, 1s. 6d.

"Little girls would find much in the book worthy of being remembered by
them."--Sunday School Times,

"A religious story, in which there is a good deal of cleverness shown."---Scotsman.

JESSIE'S TROUBLES AND WHAT BECAME
OF THEM.  By the Author of" Under Suspicion."
Foolscap 8vo., cloth boards, 1s. 6d,

"Teaches the lessons of kindness, trustfulness, perseverance, and faith."---English
Independent,

"A pleasant tale for little girls."---Western Daily Mercury.

"Calculated to interest young people. 1t is fairly written, and has a good
tone."---Scotsman.

GUY FALCONER :The Story of an old Moat
House. Crown 8vo., cloth boards, 3s, 6d,

LIFE'S EMBLEMS.
By Benjamin Clarke, Author of" Across the Sea."
Crown 8vo., cloth boards, 2s.

WALTER'S MISTAKE.
By Mrs. H. B. Pau1l. Foolscap 8vo., cloth boards, 1s. 6d.
!!!!! 139.txt !!!!!
SQUIRE LYNNE'S WILL :The Story of a
Lost Will. By Emma Leslie. Crown 8vo., cloth, 3s. 6d.

THE PILOT'S DAUGHTERS.
By Sarah Doudney. Crown 8vo., cloth gilt, 2s. 6d.

ANIMALS OF THE BIBLE.
Small 4to., cloth gilt, handsomely got up, 2s. 6d.

OLIVERS OATH :An Irish Story.
By Sarah Doudney. Crown 8vo., cloth boards, 2s.

WILL NORBURY :A Cornish Tale.
By Benjamin Clarke. Crown 8vo., cloth boards, 2s.

MISS IRVING'S BIBLE,
By Sarah Doudney. Foolscap 8vo., cloth boards, 1s. 6d.

ABOVE THE BREAKERS; or Simple.
Trust.  By MARY Onley. Foolscap 8vo., cloth boards,
1s. 6d.

IN THE CORNFIELDS :The Story of Ruth.
By Benjamin Clarke. Pott 8vo., cloth, 6d.

SAVED THROUGH THE CHILDREN;
The Story of Jonah.  By Benjamin Clarke. Pott 8vo.,
cloth, 6d.

A PECK OF TROUBLES ;Stories of the
Boys and Girls of Whitminster. By A. R. Hope. Crown.
8vo., cloth gilt, 5s.

CHARLEY LAUREL :A Story of the Sea.
By W. H. G. Kingston. Crown 8vo., cloth, gilt edges.
3s. 6d.

THE LAND OF THE PIGTAIL.
By Benjamin Clarke. Crown 8vo., cloth Fifty Illustrations,
3s. 6d.
!!!!! 140.txt !!!!!
THE FERRYMAN'S FAMILY.
By Emma Leslie. Foolscap 8vo., cloth boards, 1s. 6d.

THE YOUNG MISSIONARIES.
A Story showing that youth is no bar to usefulness.
Foolscap 8vo., 1s. 6d.

AFTER THE HOLIDAYS ;or, Winnie's
Work. By Mrs, Ellis. Foolscap 8vo., cloth boards, 1s. 6d.

TOM PERRY'S VENTURE.
By Emma Leslie. Royal 18mo., cloth, 1s.

THE TREASURE ON THE BEACH;
A Story of an Iron Box. Royal 18mo., cloth, 1s.

FROM TENT TO PALACE :The Story of
Joseph.  By Benjamin Clarke.  Crown 8vo., cloth,
3s. 6d.

POUNCEFORD HALL :A Story of School
Life. By Benjamin Clarke. Crown 8vo., cloth boards,
3s. 6d.

WAVE UPON WAVE.
By Sarah Doudney. Crown 8vo., cloth boards, 3s. 6d.

ARTHUR'S VICTORY.
By A. E. Ward. Crown 8vo., cloth boards, 2s. 6d.

A TRUE HERO :A Story of the Days of
William Penn. By W.H.G. Kingston. Crown 8vo.,
cloth boards, 2s. 6d.

AILIE STUART :A Story of School Girl
Life. By Annie Grey. Crown 8vo., cloth boards gilt
edges, 3s. 6d.

56, OLD BAILEY LONDON, E.C.
!!!!! 141.txt !!!!!
[Blank Page]
